Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
... Lisa Holt!
Meena: Hello?
Meena! Hi. I can't wait
to see you.
It's been too long. Lis.
I know. That is entirely
my fault.
I bet you're glowing.
I am. I'm so happy you're
coming back.
Yeah. guess I have
Aunty Mavis's house
to take care of now.
don't I?
Lis. you ok?
Yeah. it's just. that house
is Aunty Mavis.
Hey. do you remember when we
used to sit out on the porch
and she would teach us stitches
between playing cards
with our moms?
Yes. And you wanted to keep
it in the family.
It is such a beautiful house.
And I get to be there
for your big day.
You're really gonna be there?
Wouldn't miss it.
Plus. someone's gotta be there
to hold David up.
I heard that.
Stop. He's a firefighter.
He'll be fine... I think.
I'll put these in the car.
-Fine.
-Thank you.
Ok. Meena. I gotta go.
Bye.
Talk soon.
There's been rumblings.
Rumblings?
Retail rumblings.
Hm.
Dropping your clothing line.
rumblings.
Well. should we be worried?
Let's stay positive.
Ok. um. actually I could
use some help.
I'm packing up my samples
to donate
to my junior high school
for prom.
That's my girl.
But I'm not messing these
beauties up for anyone.
How's the spring and summer
line coming along?
Good. I got the first few pieces
off to Salvatore.
We need these to sell.
I know.
We have that meeting
with Felicity.
My memoir.
How I got to here.
Got where?
Jean-Marc.
What do you want?
Espressos from Antony's.
Thank you.
Christine?
Just to be clear.
this is no way puts us back
on the relationship path.
That ship has sailed.
understood?
Of course.
So...
What are you doing
for dinner tonight?
I can't help it.
You still take
my breath away.
Uh. too much?
I'm thinking of getting back
into the fashion game. Lisa.
In a big way.
Oh. well you have amazing
fashion sense. Jean-Marc.
Good luck. I mean it.
Thank you.
I've heard there's lots of
movement in retail.
Brands. entire lines
being dropped.
What do you mean?
It was nice seeing you.
And you. Christine.
always a pleasure.
Ciao.
It's a little flat.
The writer and I...
Didn't connect. It shows
in the work.
Bottom line. Felicity.
In its current state.
it is unpublishable.
So. last month I gave the
manuscript to Colin Davenport.
Great biographer. ghost written
multiple best sellers.
He started on the rewrite
and is gonna meet with you
to iron out some of the details.
Well. just have him shoot me
some emails
and I will answer his questions.
He doesn't work like that. it's
more of an immersive approach.
And. full disclosure.
he's an old college friend.
Well. I actually just bought
my great aunt Mavis's house
up in Logenburgh. Connecticut.
I'm gonna be setting up shop
there for a while.
Hoping to get some inspiration
for my spring and summer line
and my best friend
is having a baby.
so I couldn't possibly
meet with him.
He's in Logenburgh.
I confirmed with Christine
beforehand.
it's what made this
a good fit all around.
Sent you an email.
What if I don't agree
with his vision?
His wife was a fashion
journalist.
so he's well-versed
in that world.
Was?
She passed away
a few years ago.
Oh. that's so sad.
It was. For everyone.
Do they have kids?
A daughter.
He got so good at fixing other
people's literary problems.
he's neglected his own
original work.
Well. can he do it
and not drive me crazy?
Absolutely.
I'm hoping my memoir's release
can coincide with my spring
and summer line.
Synergy.
Piggy backing one off the other.
Then. let's make this work.
Colin has an absolute knack
for finding the heart and soul
of a project.
'Cause right now. this book
doesn't have much.
It's a big deal.
I mean a New York designer
coming here?
I know it is.
And you're gonna be working
with her on a book.
A memoir. Maybe.
She has to want to work
with me.
Well. you're gonna have to
up your game.
Oh yeah?
Just don't get all.
like. argumentative. ok?
Well. it depends how
she takes the changes.
Well. change can be hard
on some people.
That's true. but it's all about
the work. right?
Well I better get to meet her.
Did you see her fall line?
I must have missed it.
The whole thing. gorgeous.
Ok. Good to know.
So does this mean that you're
gonna be getting into fashion?
Maybe. I don't know.
I might be good at a few things.
so it's hard to decide.
Renaissance woman.
Like I said. can I please
meet her?
Hang with Grandma for a little
bit while I'm in my meeting
and maybe afterwards
you can meet her.
Oh no. he's in
the discount bin?
I hear that one's
not very good.
Yeah. it's probably
just bathroom reading.
Colin Davenport.
Lisa Holt.
You're taller in real life.
Well. perspective's everything.
So. when you were 16.
your dad was transferred here
and then you spent a year
at an all-girls prep school.
which you hated.
And then after graduation
you moved to New York full-time.
where you interned
for an absolute diva.
Yeah.
And then I got lucky because
an up-and-coming pop star
liked my revamp of
a vintage jacket.
which was part imagination
and part of it was all
I could afford.
So. the book.
as it stands now?
First. can I tell you
how I work?
Sure.
Well. I like to observe you.
in the present
to give life to your past.
Ok.
There were some parts that
I was really gripped by.
but much of it came across
like an...
Go on.
An extended puff piece.
I put a lot of work into that.
I know you did. but it's still
missing you.
How you became you.
But I'm on every page?
It was more of an account
of what you did.
without emotion
it just sits there.
We need to tell the story.
This isn't just a story to me.
I mean. that's my life
on those pages.
So let's put some life
in those pages.
You know. I thought we were
just gonna like.
change a few things.
A paragraph here.
a sentence there.
I know. this must sting.
Maybe this isn't the best time
for this.
Because of your line potentially
being dropped?
I have some friends in the
business still because of Julie.
So you mentioned an aunt.
A great aunt. actually.
Mavis Thorpe.
Mavis?
She was an amazing woman.
I got to spend some time
with her
during the town archive project.
I ended up writing
a big character piece
on her. actually.
I would love to see it.
I will email you a copy.
That would be great.
I have to pick up
my daughter. Kira.
She's at my mother-in-law's
bookstore.
where I am currently
in the discount bin.
And she is desperate
to meet you.
So nice to meet you. Kira.
This is so cool.
Can I post this?
I loved what you did
with plaid in the fall.
Did you go to design school
and do you sew your own clothes?
Yes you can post this.
I also love plaid in the fall.
I did go to design school and
I only sew some of my clothes.
I did make this skirt.
I love it.
Um. I'm sorry.
I gotta run. 'cause I'm closing
on the house today.
I will dig up and find you
that character piece
I did on your Aunt Mavis.
Give it a read.
I think I can do your memoir
even better.
He really is pretty good.
Oh. before you go...
do you mind?
Oh. sure.
All right.
-Thank you.
-Of course.
There you go.
Oh. thank you.
I will text you. and Kira.
it was lovely to meet you.
Bye.
So?
Uh... hmm.
It's ok. Mom.
No. no you and Dad just.
yeah. just stay there.
I know. I know that's why
you guys moved down to Florida.
I know. I know. I just...
Yeah. I'll be fine.
Yes. yeah.
Next big holiday you guys
come up. ok?
Ok. I love you too.
Oh. it's so good to see you.
Lis.
Look at you!
Oh. look at you.
Oh.
Are you ready?
Yes. Let's go.
Ok. Let's do it.
It's so quiet.
Uncle Henry always used to be
putting around
and Aunt Mavis. sitting on
the porch. sewing.
hemming someone's dress.
It's where it all started
for you.
Me too.
Well. great place to try to get
my groove back. right?
How are you feeling about
the line now?
Um. well. the designs I sent off
to Salvatore are a real
return to form for me.
so I just have a couple more
to go and then I should be good.
Then. maybe I can...
You can concentrate
on romance?
I was gonna say relax
and catch my breath. but...
Sure. Lis. You catch
your breath.
Yeah.
Then. maybe.
Ok. you are incorrigible.
Shastakovich.
I prefer hopeless romantic.
Oh. well maybe that's
the hormones talking. huh?
Quiet. or you're gonna
make me cry.
Ok.
Shall we get started?
Let's do this.
So. what did that writer guy
say about your memoir?
He said that it lacked feeling.
What?
You don't think that's true?
Not the words I'd use.
Depth. maybe?
My editor said the same thing.
Ok. Lis. I love you
like the sister I never had.
but the person in that book
is a hollow version of you.
Maybe he can add some feeling?
Have you read anything
of his yet?
No.
He did send me an article
he wrote about Aunty Mavis.
First things first.
How's Kira?
She's a teenager who's becoming
a little bit of a fashion diva.
Oh. poor you.
Has she bugged you about
wearing make up?
Please. don't even joke
about that.
How did the meet go with Lisa?
I don't think she likes
criticism.
It's like a foreign concept
to her.
You didn't say that to her.
did you?
Kind of.
Now. your comeback novel.
Hefty advance and you're
dreadfully behind.
You know what Lionel's like.
he wanted to garnish
your writing fee.
He only agreed not to
because you're in Logenburgh
and you could get her memoir
back on track.
So. I'm in fence mending
mode now?
Yes. Colin.
You're almost finished
your book.
If I can show him more than
etchings on a cocktail napkin.
he'll be happy.
Otherwise. he's giving it
to legal.
I don't even like riding in
the elevator with those guys.
It's like being in the cage
with the sharks.
Ok.
I will dust it off.
I know that one's personal
for you. but it's time.
Back to the Holt bio.
I don't know if she's gonna go
for it or not.
You're actually her lifeline
on this one.
Ok. Then I will try
and be tactful.
I have a really good feeling
about Lisa.
She has a lot of character.
I can see that.
Let's get those pages coming
in and get your book going.
You only gave me the first three
chapters but they were terrific.
I know you're close
to finishing.
Goodbye. Felicity.
That was beautiful.
Ok. So the man can write.
Colin Davenport.
Hm.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Look. I'm sorry.
I can be a little blunt
with criticism.
Oh. it's ok.
I suppose there's a kernel
of truth to your comments.
A very small. husk-like kernel
of truth.
The piece you wrote
on my aunt was amazing.
You're a really great writer.
Thank you.
That means a lot. and I really
respect you as a designer.
Kira's been giving me
an education.
Oh.
My memoir could possibly benefit
from a little more
emotional depth.
Ok.
Now. I have to see you work.
A fly on the wall?
One who asks questions.
Oh. a talking. inquisitive fly.
Got it.
Exactly.
Oh. in that case.
do you mind?
Um...
I like to look back at them
when I'm writing.
it helps keep me
in the moment.
Ok.
So why don't we start tomorrow?
After I drop Kira off
for school.
Sure.
Oh. but I have a
conference call with buyers
in Paris late tonight.
so if you show up at my house
before 11:30AM
you will be standing
on the porch by yourself.
Right.
I waited.
It's 11:35AM.
Literal and punctual.
I thought we'd get started?
Not before coffee and pastries.
Coffee and pastries.
Just give me two ticks.
Ready!
-Sit there?
- Yeah.
Ok. So. these are the best
in town.
I usually don't eat pastries.
That's crazy talk.
That's amazing.
Mm-hm.
Bliss.
Try it with a sip of coffee.
It's even better.
Right? And it's like it brings
the flavor out.
So. what's next.
Mr. Davenport?
So. I am going to need
to ask you some questions
and I need you to be honest
with me. Ok?
Ok. all my foibles laid bare.
You don't hear the word
"foibles" very often.
Yeah. my Aunty Mavis used
to love playing Scrabble.
and we'd play that a lot.
sitting out on the porch.
Speaking of which.
where is Mavis?
Hm?
Where is she?
The woman who gave you
your fashion sense.
taught you to sew.
to make patterns.
The whole shebang.
How did you become you?
Ok.
Um. let's go find her.
My aunt used to take me
to these all the time.
Just find old clothes.
recut the outfits.
use the fabric.
I do it partly out of habit
and partly because it reminds me
of her.
You get to see the things that
people held dear. you know?
That they took care of.
The things that last.
Ok. not that.
Sorry. Go on.
When I read your piece
on Aunty Mavis.
I mean. as a kid I'd heard
about all the things she did.
but when you put them in
the context of the times.
like you did.
it was amazing.
First woman to be elected
to the School Board.
Yeah. where she rocked
the power pantsuit before
there even really were
power pantsuits.
The little things that make
a big difference.
Yeah. like getting the School
Board to change
the uniform dress code for prom?
That was huge.
And then the girls who couldn't
afford dresses.
she would help them sew.
alter and design new ones.
Even when I was little
and I would help her.
I. I didn't realize how big of
a deal that was. you know?
It was just like something
she did.
Why do you do that?
Well. it's a rough fit for me.
size wise
and then I get to see where
it falls on the color pallet.
Spring. summer. fall.
You're a summer.
And you?
Guess.
Fall. definitely a fall.
Correct.
There we go.
Good eye.
Now. if it's ok with you I am
gonna send you some questions.
so you can answer them
and I can get used to words
to describe you.
I am confused a bit
between boyfriends.
So. between New York
and Paris.
they seem to be
a Jean something.
Well. I guess. when you look
back there seems to be
a definitive Jean phase.
But only one of them. however.
spanned two continents.
and that was Jean-Marc.
The one who broke your heart?
Yep. That's the one.
That's not a lot of detail.
Nope.
First adjective that comes
to mind?
Broken. betrayed. I don't know.
Crestfallen.
I think I'm gonna leave
crestfallen out of it.
Well. you can use whatever
word you like.
but the rest is off the record.
Oh! Look at those boots.
Tell me about your
first fashion line.
Where'd the inspiration
come from?
Well. when I finished
at design school.
I lived in a shoebox-sized
apartment
and interned for less than
no money.
Keep it going.
With the money I was making.
three outfits for work
was all I could afford.
But. the way I did it. you could
combine each of them
and get multiple looks.
So. I could have a different
outfit for every work day
and look like I spent a bunch
of money when really. I didn't.
That's kind of what I want
my new line to have. you know?
Be something beautiful
that also has this like...
Utility?
Hm. not exactly the word
I would use
but I just want the woman
who buys it to feel good in it.
You know. having something
beautiful that fits you well.
it just gives you
so much confidence.
Does that make sense?
Be like wearing
Yankee pinstripes.
Huh. I don't know. I don't
really follow sports.
Anyway. I want my spring
and summer line to have
that adaptability built in and
a little retro style
as homage to my Aunt Mavis.
This is the most excited
I've been about a line in years.
Yeah. Take me through
that process.
Ok.
All that. for ok.
Well. my creative process
is a big part of who I am.
so. I need to be sure.
All your secrets are safe
with me.
I like the lines of this one.
And you're gonna bring
these together
in some way shape or form?
Yeah. hopefully.
Are these yours or hers?
Um. these ones are mine
and those were Aunty Mavis's.
Your take on her style.
Here. I'll show you.
Ok.
Great. now you.
Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
Oh yeah. Come on. sit down.
There is a peddle on the floor
which controls the speed
of the machine.
You've lost me already.
Ok. here. put your hands
on the fabric.
-Ok.
Ok. good distance away
from the needle.
And you put a little bit of
pressure on the foot pedal.
It'll start going.
Woah!
Great. A little more gas.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Woah. ok. that's enough.
Step aside. rookie.
Here we go.
Ok.
Oh. that's the wrong way.
That's amazing how those
came together.
Well. you know. it's the time
you put in.
So much of that time was
spent chatting with Aunt Mavis.
Just made the time fly.
I have to let the sitter go.
Well. I. I hope this informed
your work.
On that note.
I am gonna send you some
more questions
and you just answer them
with the first thing that comes
to mind.
You're gonna know me better
than I know me.
Oh. um. I'd like to start each
chapter with a life quote
from Aunt Mavis.
I. um... she had some
really good ones.
I love that.
-Good night.
Bye.
How's working with her. Colin?
I'd say pretty good.
I'd say two shades
before pretty good.
Oh. I forgot everything revolves
around the color pallet.
Well. there's gotta be some
order to the universe.
Well. once I got my ego
to step aside.
Hm. how'd your ego take it?
That should really be
my question.
By all means.
As long as she answers.
I don't mind.
It's all about getting
the words on the page.
By the way. my ego could
get used to this. ok.
She can't be fabulous
at everything. right?
Isn't she humble?
Was she like this growing up?
Go ahead.
Oh. my goodness!
She was the kid who had
her Barbies alphabetized.
Yeah. but didn't everybody?
And. as you can imagine.
they had quite a few outfits.
Yeah. I only wish I had half
those outfits in real life.
Oh. I wanted those
sparkly boots.
-Oh. yes. Good choice.
-Mm-hm.
My Aunt Mavis actually made
a lot of the clothes.
That's kind of how I started.
you know?
I learned the whip stitch.
the ladder stitch.
the blanket stitch.
And you know what they say.
if you can sew Barbie clothes...
You can sew anything.
How do you think she feels
about being back in Logenburgh?
I think happy. for now.
The porch here certainly holds a
lot of memories for both of us.
That being said. her life
is still mostly in New York.
Enough about me.
About time. Now. where
for lunch?
I think the question is
what does baby Shastakovich
want for lunch?
Possibly crepes with a side
of pickled red cabbage.
Oh. don't judge me it's...
An interesting combo.
He has an expense account.
right?
Yeah. yeah.
Actually. the per diem
really isn't that...
I'll go get the keys.
Ok. I think I answered
all the questions.
Hope you don't think I'm crazy.
You're opening up.
This is good.
Good morning. Christine.
Good morning yourself.
You're up early.
I am.
What's the deal with
this investment group offer?
Oh. they're kicking the tires.
Do we know who's behind
the money?
Oh. a numbered company.
Why?
I just. it feels like something
Jean-Marc would do.
I'll find out.
Now. you and this new writer.
how are you getting on?
Colin? Pretty great.
I'm enjoying the hectic pace.
I'm loving being back
in Logenburgh.
The spring and summer lines
are looking good
and I think I'll have some new
patterns off to Salvatore
by next week.
Fantastic.
Anything I can leak
on social media?
Um. oh. I have some vintage
fabric I was gonna use.
I could post those.
Whatever you're doing.
keep it up.
because Felicity is loving
the pages you're sending in.
It's so good to get
some good news.
Yes. very positive.
Now. tell me about
these vintage fabrics.
Ok. So. I have
this amazing idea.
Hm.
Ready set?
You bet.
How's it going with Lisa?
Actually. I'd say pretty good.
I like her.
I know you do.
She's pretty talented. hey?
She's funny.
without even trying.
So. what about your book.
Dad?
Are you ever gonna finish it?
Why?
I saw it open the other day.
Why'd you stop?
Well. I had to find paid work
in between taking care
of you and your mom.
And then I got
pretty good at it.
I am getting some pressure
to finish it now. though.
You wouldn't let me get away
with anything unfinished.
Well. the reason why
you saw it open is
because I have been working
on it.
In between Lisa's.
and her memoir.
she just has to approve
the changes I've made.
A little bit more polishing
and then both will be done.
Well. that's good.
I didn't want to take away
your screen time.
See you after school.
So. an investment consortium
made an offer?
They did.
Won't they...
License every
discount manufacturer
to pump out Lisa Holt designs
so that I become a bulk discount
bin designer?
I know a thing or two
about discount bins.
Just trying to figure out
where the money's coming from.
Maybe. you should get
your mind off it
before you take someone's
eye out with that.
Is that just like a standard
dad line?
It works surprisingly well.
most of the time.
Now. Mavis had a bike.
didn't she?
The one with the basket?
You know how to ride a bike.
right?
So. are you really thinking
about selling your line?
I'm looking at the offer.
Sales are lagging. rumors
that my brand's getting dropped.
and not exactly a lot of people
lining up to carry my line.
You're in a tough spot.
Just trying to keep
my options open.
It's hard to give something up
that you put your heart
and soul into.
Well. let's hope it doesn't
come to that.
So. what about
your designs then?
Well. I kind of got away from
the core design aesthetics
that Aunty Mavis taught me.
You know. in the beginning
I wanted to do these.
like. big frilly dresses.
That haute couture runway
style but...
But?
It's not me.
Not anymore.
Well. it's not etched in stone.
You can morph into
whatever you like.
Well. designers
get pigeon-holed.
You're this.
or you're that.
I just feel like I'm taking
a really big risk
with this new line.
I think you have the talent
to do whatever you want.
So. what about you
and your work?
-My stuff?
-Yeah.
Well. my comeback novel
has been painfully close
to being finished
for a while now.
Mm-hm.
And I haven't wanted to.
for some reason.
Julie. she used to give it
one last read.
Made it feel like it was
really done.
A seal of approval?
Yeah. A bit.
She had a flair for finding
typos too.
Oh. man. I haven't been
to school in so long.
Hey. Lisa. Hey. Dad.
Well. nice to see you too. Kira.
You know. I think I have some
dresses that might fit.
Dad?
Well. I'm not gonna say no
after that.
What about tonight?
It is pizza night.
My first month in Paris
was lonely.
I mean. it rained a lot.
I didn't know anybody.
I would just spend days
staring out of cafe windows.
I mean. I came this close
to pulling the plug
and coming back home.
Why didn't you?
Well. because I knew
it wouldn't last.
and thankfully it didn't.
Oh. and then spring came
and in Paris.
that might as well be the eighth
wonder of the world.
I. um. I got a job cutting
patterns for Chanel.
made some life-long friends
and then after a couple of years
of really grinding. I finally
got the chance to design.
Are you writing all this.
'cause this is good stuff.
All up here.
She is definitely your daughter.
Ok.
Spare room has three dresses
on the bed.
Why don't you go pick one.
try it on and let me know
what you think. huh?
Mirror's behind the door.
Kira?
I'm gonna wash my hands first.
Sheesh.
You are a really good dad.
Colin.
Because I taught her
to wash her hands?
No. you guys have
a great rapport.
Thank you.
We worked at it.
I mean. ideally I'd like to be
the moody writer type.
but Kira's a little ray
of sunshine.
At least she was until recently.
Well. instead of being
the moody writer.
you've got a moody teen.
I was that teen.
I mean. now and then.
she's still my little girl.
Awe. not attitude.
What do you think?
You look so much like
your mother.
I'm just gonna pin it.
Ok.
Ok. you need to stay still.
So great.
Here we go.
Perfect. and I will just
get these a bit.
Yeah.
I'm totally in love with it.
I love hearing that.
Ok. just gonna get a picture.
Of course.
All right. can you just throw
your shoulder back a little bit?
Yes. perfect.
Ok. be careful taking it off.
Just make sure the pin
stays in place.
Got it.
It's so nice to see her
so excited.
Seeing a girl's face light up
with the perfect dress.
it's like the best
feeling ever.
I think that if I ended up
just making prom dresses
and doing alterations.
I'd be happy.
So. an eyeshadow to match
the dress would be perfect.
I think it's time
for the makeup talk.
Oh. no. I'm not going there.
Christine. What are you
doing here?
They're dropping my line.
aren't they?
They are.
Lagging sales and lack of
big name panache.
They actually said "panache"?
Ok. did you find out
who's behind the investment
group offer?
No.
We gotta start working
the phones.
Yeah. It's gonna be
a long night.
I'll go make some coffee.
Seeing strong female figures
in action is great for her.
Well. I guess that would make
me a role model. wouldn't it?
Yes. it would.
Salvatore. how good
to finally talk to you.
So. what are you trying
to do here?
Um. well once our retail line
got dropped.
we also lost our slot
at Salvatore's.
That's a contract manufacturer.
right?
Yeah. one of the best.
They can trace some of their
raw silks back to Marco Polo.
We were really lucky to get in
with them
and we're just hoping he can
squeeze us in for a limited run
between his big design
house orders.
So. Christine's on the phone
with him now.
so I can at least maybe have
a product available online.
One moment.
Salvatore.
Thursday?
Oh. you want the pieces
by next week?
Ok. do you know
what we do next?
First proofs back. we have
a photoshoot right here.
That way we can at least
get something online.
Livestream something.
Yes. like a fashion event.
Create some heat.
Heat's good.
Yes. or else I'll have
a warehouse full of stuff
that I can't sell.
You sure you can get
those designs done
and those patterns cut?
I have to. don't I?
This is where I'd say
something like.
you gotta cowboy up.
I never thought I'd hear you say
"cowboy up".
I know.
Now. I smell pizza.
and darling. I'm starving.
Come on!
"She pieces together
strategic phone calls
"in a hectic all-nighter.
"In the morning. her business.
her name.
"her brand is all still
in doubt.
"but you wouldn't know it by
the quiet smile on her face.
"She rattles off another
half dozen ideas.
"each with potential.
"and you get the feeling
that she won't give up.
Hm.
Oh.
My baby's gonna wear
a Holt original?
Thank you.
There's more.
Oh.
I can't believe you did this
with all that's going on
in your life.
Oh. well. you know me.
I like to keep busy.
Oh. that's so you can do
the little footprints.
It's a soy-based ink.
so it's ok for the baby.
This is starting to get real.
Real? You've got a little life
growing inside you.
I can hardly keep
a houseplant.
What about Colin?
He's probably better than
most houseplants.
Why do married people
always want their single
friends to hook up?
Oh. it's a dinner party thing.
You know. just for numbers.
Unless it's a barbecue.
then there's a built-
in distraction for
the single person
so they don't stick out like
spinach between the teeth.
Ok.
But really. Colin
is a great guy.
Handsome. wonderful father.
Easy to talk to. good listener.
Successful.
The guy ticks off
a lot of boxes. Lis.
Yeah. well when you put it
like that.
I'm just. I don't know.
Not there right now.
Just don't exclude
the possibility.
For your pregnant bestie.
Oh. you're playing the prego
card. huh?
-Hm.
-Mm-hm.
Yeah. I mean. there's definitely
been times
where I think about what
I've missed. you know?
Nights in New York where I would
just sleep in my office.
I have a futon couch. you know
to go with the whole...
Feng shui thing.
Yeah. But. I mean. it would be
nice to have someone.
Like my Dave.
You're so in love still.
Hello?
Oh. come in.
I'm both jealous and happy
for you at the same time.
-Hi.
Hi. can I borrow my wife?
It's her last checkup.
Pregnancy brain.
I totally forgot.
That's why I'm here. babe.
Ok.
-Come on.
-Thanks.
I thought I'd try to design
my own dress.
Maybe Lisa would show me
how to make a pattern
and then teach me how to sew.
Well. I'd hate to put anything
more on her plate. Kira.
She's got that
whole retail thing.
Forgot about that.
I'm sure she would afterwards.
All right. What are you
working on?
Periodic table. Specifically
the noble gases.
How are these noble gases?
I'd say the neon's
pretty bright.
Wow. Look at you.
making bad dad jokes.
Capitalize this word.
Ok.
Would I like Lisa's book?
Ah. when you're older.
There's kissing.
Dad. I'm 14
and I'm gonna be dating in
the not so distant future.
Ok. please stop.
You like her. don't you?
Yeah.
Yeah. I guess I do.
I mean. beyond working
with her.
It'd be ok if you did.
You know. I think you're gonna
do great on this project.
I think I will too.
Ok. Time to get ready.
I'll let Stephanie know
that we're on our way.
When will we see Lisa again?
I'm not sure.
She's great. and I love
her taste in perfume.
Well. I hadn't noticed.
What do you think?
I think that noble gases
have never been more noble.
That's what I was going for.
You forget something?
So. do you always spend this
much time with your subjects?
Not always. but
you're not so bad.
so it's not a grind.
I've really enjoyed the journey
so far.
Bahn-Franc is interested
in taking my line.
They want to meet.
Bahn-Franc? That's
a high-end store.
Yeah.
That's a good thing. right?
I'm not sure.
I mean. if they want to meet.
they're gonna have to come
to Logenburgh.
because with my luck.
I'll fly to New York
and then Meena
will have the baby.
And the rest of the patterns
to Salvatore?
Got them off the other day.
Now. I just have to sign off
on the memoir
and do the photoshoot.
Ah. I've already talked to
half a dozen of Julie's
old colleagues.
Thank you.
Oh. and Meena has a cousin
who's a brand influencer.
She got her to come. so I think
I have all my bases covered.
That's great.
And the memoir.
How are you feeling about it?
I... I actually like
the changes you made.
I think that I'm gonna leave it
in your hands.
So. when you think it's ready.
submit.
Thank you.
I know that's a lot of trust.
I just have a couple sections
to look over
and I think it's ready.
I don't know how to end it.
though.
I think there's more there.
To my story?
-Mm.
-Hm.
I guess I'm just holding out
for a happy ending.
I have a line on something
interesting.
I thought you might want
to check out.
Come on.
So. how do you know this guy?
College roommate.
Were you the clean one?
No.
How?
It's an old prop house.
They're selling everything
for rags.
so I thought it would be worth
to go through.
I mean. for someone like you.
You did great. Colin.
Thanks.
Hm?
Yes. but the fabric.
that's the key.
I can maybe make a one-off
for the photoshoot.
You got a lot on your plate.
huh?
Yeah.
Ooh.
Oh.
What do you think?
For Halloween?
Huh?
Come on.
That's not bad. actually.
Ok. My turn.
So. when do you need to hear
back from Bahn-Franc?
Pretty quickly.
They want me for the fall.
but just so in love with
my new retro inspired line
and I don't know if
it'll fly with them.
I'm calling it
Retro Functionality.
And I know that's just
a made-up term.
but it's funky.
it's confident.
It's kind of an homage
to my Aunty Mavis.
A very stylish.
yet practical woman.
I like it already.
Oh. um. you said we could
fill up your trunk. right?
Yes. if you enlighten me on this
new retro functionality concept.
Ok. so. a woman buys two of
my vintage inspired outfits
and she now has multiple
combinations
because all of the colors
are complimentary
and all the accessories.
everything.
Everything can be combined.
It's kind of how I started
at the beginning and.
I don't know. I think
it could be huge.
I want to thank you for this.
I should be thanking you.
I haven't had this much fun
in a while.
I mean. I've had dad fun.
but Colin fun's kind of been
in short supply.
Well. I'm happy to hear that.
Everything ok?
Mm-hm.
You know. why don't I take this
out to the truck?
Thank you.
Hey. stranger.
Fee! What are you doing here?
Thought I'd pop around
and see how things are going.
Lionel?
In that case. I have some
good news.
I'm listening.
I have decided to hold off.
there's more.
That last draft felt ready.
Just trust me.
Ok.
The work feels personal.
The most personal
it's been since...
I know.
You like her. It shows
in the writing.
That's a good thing. right?
On both counts.
Have you ever thought about.
can I get one of those?
-Uh-huh.
-Thanks.
Yeah. put it on his tab.
Yes. I have thought about it.
What's not to like about
Lisa Holt?
She's funny. pretty. smart.
Can't be in a bad mood
around her.
But...
It's ok to put yourself
out there.
You don't have to shut down
and build an emotional fortress.
Can my emotional fortress
be made out of Lego?
Be serious.
Fee. I've had a lot of serious.
Just. haven't been ready.
Kira's in this too.
I don't know how those
two things are gonna mesh.
I get that. completely.
Maybe when Kira's older.
Colin. you can't
just close up shop
and reopen five years later.
You'll be stale
and out of date.
So now I'm day-old bread?
Now. what about your manuscript?
What about it?
Colin. seriously.
What do you say. I get two gems
to Lionel in one calendar year
and he gives me
a big fat raise.
Well deserved. I may add.
Be a win-win.
You know what would be the heat
from Lisa's bio
linked to your own work but
you've got to finish it first.
Why don't we just go make
some copies?
You've done it?
You!
I thought about it
for a while now.
Finally got it done.
It felt like it was
the right time.
I can't wait.
Some of the stuff
he's written about me.
I mean. it's like he sees
the real me.
I mean. with everything
else that's been going on.
he's been a rock.
Well. I like what
you let me read.
Timing couldn't be better.
Introduce your new clothing line
on the heels of the best seller.
And I got the top event planner
in the city
for our little fashion shoot.
It's moving forward
and my cousin is going
to Tweet and hoot and whatever
the kids do these days.
What?
It's just Jean-Marc.
He's bugging me to meet
with him.
Don't do it. The guy's like
French kryptonite.
Les kryptonite.
Bahn-Franc isn't coming
to Logenburgh.
It's a take it or leave it
proposition
and they request an answer.
You know. I've been sitting back
waiting for things to happen
instead of making things happen.
It's time I took back
some control.
Are you sure?
Yes.
My Aunt Mavis used to say.
bet on yourself.
So I'm gonna do just that
and bet on me.
And I'll reiterate to Bahn-Franc
that this isn't a negotiating
ploy.
but a stylistic commitment
to your vision.
We're doing this?
Yes.
Hey. maybe this is just the
happy ending my memoir needed?
Spunky heroine...
-With a heart of gold.
Successfully launches
her boutique fashion brand.
And lives happily ever after.
It's all coming together.
They're holding up
your memoir's release.
Someone at Bahn-Franc
or the investment group
knows someone
at the publisher.
They're using this
as leverage.
This isn't leverage.
This is Jean-Marc.
See? Les Kryptonite.
Thank you for this.
It's good to keep busy.
I'm glad you liked the memoir.
I know some of it couldn't have
been easy.
Yeah. reliving the bad bits
was not a great experience.
Without saying too much.
you got the whole Jean-Marc
situation down
in excruciating detail.
Yeah. there was a lot
in the tabloids.
I want to thank you for giving
it the life that it needed.
I'm sorry that they're
holding up the release.
Yeah. not exactly
the happy ending
we were hoping for. is it?
I've really enjoyed
my time with you.
Writing can be kind of solitary
and bouncing ideas off you.
never knowing
what I'm gonna get.
Well. if anything.
I'm entertaining. right?
That you are.
I really enjoyed the change.
too.
So. um. I guess this means
we're kind of almost done
with our collaboration?
Oh. I hadn't really thought
about it.
Well. I'll see you around town?
It's not over until
we find an ending.
Felicity strongly agrees.
Ambiguity. never good
for an ending.
So. I guess we'll just let it
play out. right?
Yeah.
We should.
For the book.
Of course.
I. um. I was hoping you and Kira
could come to the shoot.
They'll be hors d'oeuvres
and appetizers and stuff.
And we get to catch
the unveiling
of the Holt Retro
Functionality line.
Man. I am really shooting up
the dad ranks.
Thank you.
I was thinking that maybe
we could celebrate
the small victory of nearly
being done
by maybe grabbing a bite
to eat tonight?
I'd like that.
Ok.
Ok. great.
Ok. I'm gonna.
I'm gonna get back.
Yes.
Cool.
Feels so good to be
out of the house.
I feel like I can't relax
at home.
you know. when I have
all this unused fabric
just sitting on
the cutting table.
It's like I just want to make
something out of it.
I love those times when
I'm writing and I can't stop.
And the words flow
and you just go.
Mmmhmm. yeah.
Ok. so. if I was writing
the biography of Colin.
Mmmhmm.
Middle name?
Walter.
Colin Walter Davenport. Ok.
What's something the folks
at home should know?
Notoriously unhandy.
I'm definitely not your fix
your faucet kind of guy.
Really?
I once nailed my sleeve
to a fence.
I can't believe I didn't get
caught up in the patio lights.
And I keep my ties tied.
What. so you can just
slip them on over your head?
Yeah. I never learned.
I guess it kept me from being
a lawyer or an accountant.
So. I haven't done this
in a while.
Me neither.
But I can definitely see myself
doing more of this.
You know. when things
settle down a little.
Me too.
That was really nice.
-Yeah. it was.
-Yeah.
Oh.
Caviar. aged cheddar. champagne?
Woah. They are serious.
Who?
The investment group.
Is it a good offer?
It's a great offer.
It's got a five year
non-compete.
It means I either start
from scratch
or behind door number two.
I let Bahn-Franc
dictate my style
and where I fit
into their brand.
Or. door number three. you
could set up shop for yourself.
Yeah. that's scary.
I mean. I'm not sure
if the grind
is gonna be worth that
in the long run.
Ah. it's about the process.
The journey.
It's not all about the big check
in your hand.
It's a five year non-compete.
I mean. I could come back.
Creativity doesn't work
like that.
Can't just turn it on and off.
Well. we're different people.
Colin.
What's that supposed to mean?
You stopped creating your
own work to fix other people's.
I mean. you're very good at it.
but...
What about the fashion shoot?
Salvatore squeezing you in. it
just feels like you're quitting.
Ok. you know what.
you come talk to me when
you put yourself out there.
Maybe if you finally submit
your manuscript
you'll know how this feels.
I'm sorry.
I finished my manuscript.
A few days ago.
Just waiting for
the right moment.
Would have meant a lot to me
for you to read it.
Colin...
Really?
Colin?
Hello.
What are you doing here?
It's good to see you. Lisa.
Can I come in?
It's very early.
You would never get back
to sleep and I'm jet-lagged.
Let us make the best of it.
I don't think so.
Did you like the gift basket?
Champagne. caviar.
probably an aged cheddar.
How...
My family trust is
heavily involved with
the investment group
and as of last week.
we also own Bahn-Franc.
We make the announcement
at the end of the month.
so can we talk?
You get my memoir back on track
or I'm gonna leave you
out on the porch until February.
for all I'm concerned.
I had to delay things
until I read an advanced copy.
Wait. wait you. you blocked it
because you hadn't read it yet?
Yeah.
Argh! That is so. so you.
Hm.
So. what did you think?
I come off as a playful cat
so I have no issues with it.
We needed to see if it...
Affects your brand?
You probably only read the parts
you were in.
Yeah.
Fix it.
Fix it!
Two texts. tops.
Then do it.
Ok.
You look... good.
So. are you here as a Bahn-Franc
representative
or are you just here
to make sure
that the investment group's gift
basket got here on time?
Really. Jean-Marc.
What are you doing here?
First. I must apologize to you
for having been a...
For not respecting you.
Water under the bridge.
There's someone else.
isn't there?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Kind of left off on bad terms.
Hm.
Voicemail: Hey.
you've reached Colin.
I'm not able to take your call
right now.
but I'll get back to you
as soon as I can.
Hi Colin.
Um. I. uh. I just wanted to say
I'm sorry for how things ended
the other night.
I. um. I guess I was just upset
with everything that happened.
and...
Yeah. I. as a fellow creative. I
know how hard it is and really.
I just. I miss talking to you
and bouncing ideas off you
and I mean. we still don't have
an ending to our story. right?
Anyhoo. I was hoping that Kira
could model the dress
I made for her.
If that's ok with you.
of course.
So. anyway. I was just calling
to say. I...
I'm sorry.
Voicemail: First new message.
Hi Colin. I just wanted
to say...
TV: ...the forecast cloudy
and windy today
with gusts up to 40
miles per hour.
TV: Ok. Jack. let's have
our next contestant....
I'll call you back.
You know. you'd make me turn off
the television for doing that.
You're coming with me.
aren't you?
Yes.
And you're gonna wear your
nice suit?
The one Mom made you buy.
Yes.
And you're gonna shower?
Kira. I am gonna bathe and I am
gonna dress appropriately.
I'm wearing a Holt original.
It's a big deal.
And you've kind of been hit
or miss these last couple days.
I know.
I'll be in good form.
I promise.
Let's get photos with the
technology made this century.
One.
I get one Polaroid.
and I will be Mr. Digital
Photography Man. ok?
Ok.
You should talk to her
before then.
Dad. don't just leave
it hanging.
You're wise beyond your years.
Kira.
Get it from Mom.
Yes. you do.
Ok.
I don't know. Meena.
I mean. Jean-Marc's offer
is really good
and Colin's not returning
my calls.
Ok. ask yourself this.
What's your life gonna be like
if you sign with him?
And is it gonna be worth it?
I mean. would you ever have time
to be doing this kind of thing?
Sitting on the front porch
with your bestie?
You can smell the cherry
blossoms from down the street.
Or. do you like sleeping on that
futon thing in your office?
No. I don't.
That's some really good advice.
Mm. I'm gonna be a mom.
Mm.
I gotta start coming up
with this stuff.
You know. if I want to put big
gold buttons on a winter coat.
I don't want marketing
to tell me that I can't.
What about Colin?
I don't know.
You should talk to him.
I know. I know.
I invited him to the shoot.
Oh! Which is gonna be awesome.
I just. I feel like I've shared
so much of my life with Colin.
And seeing Jean-Marc again
made me realize
that we weren't good for each
other even back then.
I think you should totally
give him a chance.
The way he looks at you.
oh. what do you have to lose?
Ok. I will give him a chance...
Oh. I think it was
a contraction.
Oh.
Um.
You. you can't have
the baby now.
I mean you haven't had
the baby shower yet.
Oh. I think the baby wants
to be there too.
-Oh. oh. no.
-No. that's ok.
Um. what do we?
-Ok. it's coming.
-It's ok.
Oh no. I'm gonna miss
your shoot!
No...
Listen. Lisa. I wanted
to tell you...
Um....
Hospital?
Yes.
-Hospital!
-Yes.
Ok. It's ok.
You'll. you'll... Ok.
I got ya.
I'm gonna go get my purse.
I'll be right back.
-We'll take my car.
-Ok.
-Ok. You are going to be good.
Good morning.
Good morning to you.
It was quite the night. huh?
Yeah. kind of makes you realize
what's important in life.
Yeah. it does.
How're you feeling?
Honestly? Like a grapefruit
that's been juiced.
Ah. yes.
It was an amazing experience
and I need coffee.
Take a shower.
big day ahead of us.
Photographers are en route.
catering is setting up
throughout the day.
We just need you fit
and fabulous.
Ok.
Um. my parents.
who's gonna...
I've got a car picking them up
at the airport.
Of course you do.
Thank you.
Ok.
Whatever you're feeling
right now.
put a sock in it.
It waits until later.
This is my girl's time to shine.
Respect the timing and
her current circumstances.
She's gotta be on her game
and we're here to help
in whatever way necessary.
Is that understood?
Uh...
She could have done a lot worse.
Thanks.
-Do you think that she...
-Eh...
Let's just be in the now.
shall we?
Let's go.
Thank you so much.
Of course.
Ok. now go try it on
and I'll be there in a sec.
Thank you.
Well. you just made her year.
Wow.
That's a nice suit.
And. might I say. Mr. Davenport.
you wear it well.
Thank you.
Haven't worn it in a while.
Thought I'd step up my game.
Well. I hope you let me
read your book
in the not too distant future.
I'll have to make
some revisions.
Turns out I'm not
the same person I was.
and my work should
reflect that.
And be the richer for it.
Well. let me know.
I'm gonna go check on Kira
and then off I go.
Good luck.
Hey. I just wanted to say how...
Uh. my family vintage.
I thought it would be
a nice touch.
Can you go get the other case
of champagne
in the trunk. please?
Sure.
No problem.
Love what you're wearing.
by the way.
I hope it's part of the show.
Hello everybody.
Thank you all for making
the trek out to Logenburgh.
It allowed me to be there
for the birth
of my best friend's baby girl.
Sophie.
She is beautiful.
Mother and daughter
are doing great
and it was an incredible
experience. so thank you.
Now. for the new Holt line.
spring and summer.
It is an homage to
my Great Aunt Mavis.
a woman who made changes
for the better.
yet never lost her sense
of style.
So. it's retro chic
yet eminently adaptable.
for the modern-day woman.
Classic styling
and feminine fit
that is flattering
for all shapes and sizes.
And. now for the best part.
Everything matches. so if
you have two Holt outfits.
you actually have
many combinations.
Lisa: Thank you.
And. if you have a white blouse.
which I hope we all do.
then you have even
more combinations.
As you can see.
I have branched out
in this line
to include the fashionable
young miss.
Again. everything
is complementary
with the woman's line.
So. mother and daughter
can both wear them.
So. now for our nouveau
chic wear.
Are you going to be ok
for a minute?
-Yeah.
-Ok.
I love the line.
They need to be in Bahn-Franc.
I think my bottom line is.
I want to be able to run
my business from my porch.
At least part of the time.
I learned that that's what
I like to do.
I can work. I can sew.
I can watch my best friend's
baby grow up.
Jean-Marc. I want the kind
of success
that doesn't destroy my soul.
And. I'm afraid that
if I accept your offer.
that's what's gonna happen.
And. I want to be able to sew
someone's prom dress
if I want to.
And spend time with the people
that I care about.
Is that realistic for
a fashion designer?
I can make it my reality.
I know I can.
And. I'm. I'm good with it.
It's the everyday.
It's the process.
I want to enjoy it.
Twenty percent of your company.
You could use the cash flow.
and it would put you well ahead
in the business plan.
He's not gonna own 20 percent
of me.
-Ten.
-Fifteen.
-Done.
You have no say
in what I create.
You're only along for the ride.
Deal.
I have to steal her away
for the media.
Mr. Davenport.
I appreciate you being balanced
in your writing.
I didn't come off as...
A complete jerk.
That's fair.
Lisa said that you only read
the parts that you were in?
Oh. of course I read all of it.
After.
It's you. it's in your writing.
The care you took in describing
her journey.
the way she looks at you.
I'm not really sure what to say.
Well. you have much to say.
but not to me.
I have 10 percent
of her company.
and you. 100 percent
of her heart.
Hm.
-Salut.
Go get her. Dad.
...Anyway. so yeah. yeah.
Do you need a minute?
Oh. no.
Congratulations.
On all of it. you did it.
It feels like a giant weight
has been lifted off me.
I'm spinning.
Can you hear the ringing
in my ears or is it just me?
I couldn't have done this
without you.
I've imagined a scenario
just like this.
Standing with an
incredible woman
who literally takes
my breath away.
You've already been there
for some pretty big moments.
And you are a rock.
You know. this whole time
I've been thinking about
what I want to do with my life
and I keep getting images of you
rattling around in my head.
And then it hit me.
that was it.
Spending time with the people
you care about.
And one of those people is you.
Colin.
And. I know that that scenario
includes a precocious
and wonderful teenager.
And I'm ready.
I'm ready for all of it.
How about you?
So. is that a yes?
That's a yes.
How is this for an ending
to the memoire?
I'd say pretty good.
Do you want me to write it
or should you?
Why don't you jot down some
ideas and I'll get back to you.
Ok.